That's it?
Is this the secret formula for creating a divine elixir?
Lie lie lie
Junior Brother
You don't need to get too excited.
this
Although it's a sect's most powerful technique...
But as long as it can improve cultivation level
Handed over to you
Master won't blame you.
Junior Brother
I've heard of this technique.
No one can master it.
We are not qualified.
You can't practice that.
Yes, yes, yes
No one had been able to master it before.
That's because
The mystery within has not been fully understood.
Now I will guide you.
Guaranteed everyone
They can all refine golden cores
Practicing this will kill you
I won't practice, I won't practice.
Oh dear, this...
oops
Could it be that all my senior brothers and sisters...
For me, the senior brother of the sect
Let's practice
We practice, we practice.
This child is teachable!
Lin Hui, that silly boy
Lin Kai, that silly boy
How dare they bully me?
The Demonic Cult Disciple of the Primordial One
Practicing the Elixir of Creation
He wanted to take them
Are they all going to practice until they die?